=head1 Ma Tirelire

Ma Tirelire is a software for managing your accounts for smartphones
and PDA based on Palm OS (or Pocket PC and Windows Mobile thanks to
StyleTap emulator). Multi accounts management, multiple accounts
databases, inter-account transfers, transaction repeats, powerful
statistics, value date management for deferred debit, easy checking
with or without statement numbers, automation of transaction entry
using macro commands, transactions breaking-down, cheque books numbers
and so on...


=head1 COMPILATION

The F<Makefile> is a BSD one.

First, you need to install C<mcc> L<https://github.com/maxatome/mcc>.

You need to install the C<prc-tools> L<http://prc-tools.sourceforge.net/>.

You need to install C<pilrc>
L<http://sourceforge.net/projects/pilrc/>. To support GB2312-80
charset, you can apply the patch F<patches/pilrc-3.2.patch> over the
3.2 version.

You need to get C<multilink>
L<http://www.djw.org/product/palm/multilink/index.html> and apply the
path F<patches/multilink.patch> before installing it.

In the F<Makefile> the following variables can be changed:

=over 4

=item SDK

Path to the root of the cross-compilation environment.

=item SONY_SDK

Path to the SONY SDK.

=item PALM_SDK

Path to the includes of the Palm OS SDK.

=item HANDERA_SDK

Path to the Handera SDK.

=item BASE

Path to find the cross-compilation tools.

=item MCC

Path to find the C<mcc.pl> script (see C<mcc> above).

=back

There is no support, so please don't ask.


=head1 LICENSE

C<PalmResize>, copied inside the repo because of a small patch, can be
found at L<http://freshmeat.net/projects/palmresize/>.

The hi-definition logo F<bmp/logo-matirelire.svg> is copyrighted by
Gofre L<http://glacealeau.com/>.

F<MaTirelire-translate.tmpl/> contains executables copyrighted by
their authors:

=over 4

=item pilrc.exe

GNU General Public License (GPL).

=item perl.exe & perl56.dll

Copyright 1987-2011, Larry Wall, Perl Artistic License or GPL.

=item cygwin1.dll

GNU General Public License (GPL).

=back


For the remainder, copyright 1996-2011, Maxime SoulE<eacute>

Ma Tirelire source code may be copied under the terms of GNU General
Public License.
